-HOO, HOO, HOO, HOO, HOO, HOO,
HOO, HOO, HOO, HOO, HOO, HOO,
HOO, HOO, HOO, HOO--
COACH DANIELS (OFFSCREEN): HEY!
HEY! THAT'S IT!
HEY!
CUT THE SHIT.
WE GOT THE WIN, BUT A ONE-POINT
VICTORY'S NOTHING TO
BE HUMPING EACH OTHER ABOUT.
THE GAME SHOULDN'T HAVE
BEEN THAT CLOSE.
THAD (OFFSCREEN):
HARMON'S FAULT.
-COME ON.
HE NEEDS OUR SUPPORT.
-HE MISSED EVERY SINGLE KICK,
EVEN THE EXTRA POINTS.
THERE WAS NO WIND.
HE KICKED THE LAST ONE STRAIGHT
UP DONNIE'S ASS.
-SHUT YOUR FACE, THAD.
HARMON, GET DRESSED AND
SEE ME IN MY OFFICE.
-I'M ONLY SAYING WHAT
EVERYONE'S THINKING.
AND I MEAN EVERYONE.
-I'M THINKING IT TOO, BRO.
-KABOOM.
PSHEW!
-SO WHAT'S GOING ON
YOU WITH YOU?
THAD (OFFSCREEN):
HE SUCKS!
-OH, COME ON.
YOU MISSED ONE KICK LAST WEEK,
TWO KICKS THE WEEK
BEFORE, AND NOW THIS.
WHAT'S GOING-- ARE YOU HURT?
-I GOT NO EXCUSES, COACH.
-MAYBE HE SHOULD SEE
THE THERAPIST.
-I DON'T TRUST THERAPISTS.
DID YOU KNOW THEY'RE REQUIRED
BY LAW TO REPORT ANY CRIMES
TOLD TO THEM IN CONFIDENCE?
NO, THANK YOU.
-YOU KICKERS, YOU'RE--
YOU'RE A STRANGE BREED.
-YEAH, SO I'VE HEARD.
COACH DANIELS (OFFSCREEN):
I MEAN JUST WEIRD.
HARMON, IF YOU CAN'T GET
YOURSELF TOGETHER BY
SATURDAY'S GAME, I MIGHT HAVE
TO FIND ANOTHER KICKER.
-HEY, HARMON, I'LL BET YOU 20
BUCKS I CAN SHOOT THIS IN THE
LAUNDRY BASKET FROM HERE.
-OK, YOU'RE ON.
OH!
OOPS, I MISSED.
OH, MAN.
IT REALLY SUCKS WHEN ONE
OF YOUR TEAMMATES
MISSES, DOESN'T IT?
CAN I HAVE MY 20 BUCKS NOW?
-I'M NOT PAYING YOU 20 BUCKS.
-WELL, YOU MISSED THE SHOT.
-DAMN IT!
[ REV THEORY'S "HELL YEAH"
PLAYS ]
CAN YOU FEEL THAT?
YOU BETTER HOLD ON.
THIS ONE'S ABOUT TO GET BUMPY.
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ HELL, YEAH ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS
IN DISTANCE]
-THANKS, MAN.
YOU ALWAYS KNOW HOW
TO CHEER ME UP.
-HEY, KICKER.
DO BMS A FAVOR AND DIE.
[LAUGHS]
-SORRY ABOUT THE MISSED KICKS.
I DON'T LIKE IT EITHER.
-I HAVE TO SAY, YOU'RE TAKING
THIS RATHER WELL.
I MEAN, DOESN'T IT BOTHER YOU?
-THAT'S THE LIFE OF
A KICKER, MAN.
ONE MINUTE YOU'RE A HERO.
THE NEXT YOU'RE THE MOST
HATED MAN ON CAMPUS.
IT'LL COME AROUND.
-YOU'VE BEEN SAYING THAT FOR
THREE WEEKS, THOUGH.
-YEAH, WHAT'S DIFFERENT?
I MEAN, HAS ANYTHING CHANGED
IN YOUR GAME-DAY RITUALS?
-NO, MAN, I GOT THE SAME
RITUALS SINCE I
WAS 12 YEARS OLD.
FIRST THING, I WAKE UP,
SMELL MY BALLS.
THEN I GET OUT OF BED, DO 17
MINUTES OF A FORM OF NAKED TAI
CHI I CREATED.
I LIKE TO LEAVE THE BLINDS UP
SO THE NEIGHBORS CAN WATCH.
THEN ONCE I FEEL ADEQUATELY
LIMBER, AND THE NEIGHBORS HAVE
GOTTEN THEIR MONEY'S WORTH, I
SMOKE A SHITLOAD OF GRADE-A
HASH AND CALL MY MOM.
HER AND HER LESBIAN LOVER TRIXIE
ARE USUALLY STILL AWAKE
FROM THE NIGHT BEFORE.
HI, MOM.
IT'S HARMON.
-HEY.
TRIXIE WANTS TO KNOW IF YOU
STOLE HER DARTBOARD.
-WHAT?
THEN I WRITE A CHAPTER
IN MY EROTIC NOVEL.
-ALL RIGHT.
LET'S SKIP ON, SHALL WE?
WHAT ARE YOUR RITUALS RIGHT
BEFORE YOU KICK?
-RIGHT BEFORE I RUN OUT TO THE
FIELD, THAD USUALLY YELLS
SOMETHING LIKE--
-YOU BETTER MAKE IT
OR YOU'RE DEAD.
HARMON (OFFSCREEN): AND I
PRETEND NOT TO HEAR HIM.
THEN I WAIT FOR YOU TO GET
SET, STAND NEXT TO THE
PLACEMENT, TAKE THREE STEPS
BACK, TWO OVER, TAKE A DEEP
BREATH, RIGHT FINGER
TO THE RIGHT
NOSTRIL, BLOW A SNOT ROCKET.
THEN I REACH DOWN INTO MY PANTS,
PULL OUT THREE PUBES,
AND DROP THEM TO TEST
THE WIND DIRECTION.
-YEAH, I KNOW ABOUT THAT PART,
BECAUSE YOUR PUBES USUALLY HIT
ME IN THE FACE.
-SEE, THE PROBLEM IS YOU'RE
OVER-THINKING EVERYTHING.
-YEAH, HE'S RIGHT.
WE GOT TO CLEAR YOUR HEAD.
I MEAN, I THINK WE COULD
HELP WITH THAT, EH?
-YEAH.
[LAUGHTER]
-[SIGHS]
THAT FEELS GOOD.
THANK YOU, GUYS.
-ANYTHING WE CAN DO
TO HELP, HARMON.
-SAMMY, YOU WE BETTER BE SOBER
FOR PRACTICE TOMORROW MORNING.
-KATE, I DIDN'T COME TO COLLEGE
TO HAVE A WIFE.
LAY OFF ME, PLEASE.
-WHY DID YOU COME TO COLLEGE?
-TO DRINK.
-TO BE A LOSER.
-OOH.
RIGHT.
YEAH, I'M A LOSER, KATE.
-UGH.
-NO?
-I TOLD YOU I WOULD.
YOU'RE BEING A BAD TEAMMATE
RIGHT NOW, MORAN.
-WHAT?
-THE LAST THING THE KICKER
NEEDS IS SOME
SLOOTS CODDLING HIM.
-WAIT, YOU'RE THE KICKER?
-YES, MA'AM.
OH, COME ON.
OH!
GOD!
[LAUGHTER]
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU CAN LEARN
A THING OR TWO FROM THESE
MA-SLOOTS, MORAN.
[LAUGHTER]
-MA-SLOOTS!
-SO MUCH FOR CLEARING MY HEAD.
-MAYBE YOU'RE CURSED, MAN.
I KNOW A WOMAN WHO MIGHT
BE ABLE TO HELP YOU.
SHE-- SHE RUNS A LITTLE
SHOP IN TOWN.
SHE COULD GIVE YOU A READING OR
SOME POTIONS OR SOMETHING.
-I DON'T BELIEVE
IN THAT STUFF.
-IT HAPPENS ALL THE
TIME IN SPORTS.
UH, SCOTT NORWOOD MISSED THE
WINNING FIELD GOAL IN THE
SUPER BOWL.
THE BILLS WENT ON TO LOSE FOUR
STRAIGHT SUPER BOWLS.
-HOW DID SCOTT NORWOOD FIX
HIS KICKING PROBLEM?
-HE STOPPED PLAYING.
-LOOK, CURSE OR NO CURSE,
HARMON, WE JUST NEED TO GET
YOU SOME NEW RITUALS, OK?
-I DON'T KNOW, MAN.
SURE.
I'LL GIVE IT A SHOT.
-FAIR ENOUGH.
DO YOU WANT A TISSUE
OR SOMETHING?
-UH, YEAH, THIS PLACE
ISN'T CREEPY AT ALL.
-SHIT, LOOK AT THIS PLACE.
-I'VE GOT A BAD FEELING
ABOUT THIS PLACE.
CAN I HELP YOU?
-OH!
-HELLO.
UM, OUR, UH, OUR FRIEND HERE HAS
A PROBLEM HE NEEDS FIXED.
-OH, I DON'T FIX PROBLEMS. I
GIVE YOU INFORMATION SO YOU
CAN FIX THEM YOURSELF.
CAN I OFFER YOUR FRIEND
A READING?
-HELL NO.
I AIN'T LETTING YOU POKE
AROUND INSIDE MY BRAIN.
-I THINK HE NEEDS SOMETHING TO
HELP HIM FOCUS A LITTLE.
-WELL, TAKE A LOOK AROUND.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS,
LET ME KNOW.
-YES, I HAVE A QUESTION.
WHAT KIND OF STUFF CAN
YOU SEE WHEN YOU DO
ONE OF THESE READINGS?
-YOU SEEM EVEN MORE TROUBLED
THAN YOUR FRIEND.
-BINGO.
YOU'RE GOOD.
YOU'RE GOO--
I'LL DO IT.
LET'S GO.
-I FEEL YOU'RE A LIFELONG
UNDERACHIEVER.
-YOU ARE NOW TWO FOR TWO.
-AND YOU ARE UNHAPPY, BECAUSE
YOU ARE MEANT FOR BIGGER AND
BETTER THINGS.
-HOLY SHIT.
YOU ARE GOOD.
-SAMMY, LET'S JUST GO, OK?
-NO.
SHE'S RIGHT.
THE CHEERLEADERS ARE
HOLDING ME BACK.
I NEED TO GET OUT FROM
UNDERNEATH THEM AND DO
SOMETHING MEANINGFUL.
-WELL, THAT'S NOT REALLY
WHAT SHE SAID, SO--
-THANK YOU SO, SO--
-MY PLEASURE.
ANYBODY ELSE?
-NO, THANK YOU.
I'M JUST GOING TO TAKE THESE
OILS AND THESE AMULETS AND
THIS POWDERED GOAT VAGINA, AND
THEN I WILL BE ON MY WAY.
[CROWD CHEERS]
-IT'S GOOD!
THAD CASTLE WINS ANOTHER
GAME FOR BMS!
[LAUGHTER]
-KICKING IS SO EASY.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
-EXTRA POINT TEAM, LINE UP.
-[CHANTING QUIETLY]
-HARMON, LET'S GO!
MOVE!
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
-COME ON, GUYS.
LET'S MOVE IT.
EXTRA POINT TEAM.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY.
I'M GOING TO KEEP THIS SIMPLE.
HARMON HAS MADE THIS KICK
HUNDREDS OF TIMES.
AND IF HARMON MAKES IT RIGHT
NOW, PRACTICE IS OVER.
[MEN CHEER]
-SWEET!
-BUT IF HE MISSES, WE'RE GOING
TO RUN SUICIDES TILL YOU DROP.
-SHIT.
COACH DANIELS (OFFSCREEN):
LET'S GO.
-COME ON, HARMON!
DON'T SUCK!
DON'T SUCK LIKE YOU ALWAYS
SUCK, DR. SHAKENSTEIN.
-IGNORE HIM, HARMON.
SHOW EVERYBODY YOU CAN
DO THIS, ALL RIGHT?
-SUDSY MCSUDSTER!
COME ON!
-READY.
-YOU'LL NEVER MAKE IT
FROM TWO YARDS!
[LAUGHS]
[CROWD GROANS]
-[LAUGHING]
YOU SUCK!
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
-ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY.
DOWN TO THE OTHER END
OF THE FIELD.
SUICIDES.
LET'S GO.
-YOU SUCK.
THAD (OFFSCREEN): EVERYONE CAN
BLAME HARMON FOR THIS.
-JON JON, WE GOT TO LOOK
FOR A NEW KICKER.
-SO MR.--
-CACCIATORE.
SAMMY CACCIATORE.
-WHAT MAKES YOU INTERESTED
IN JOINING THE CIA?
-I'M LOOKING FOR BIGGER AND
BETTER THINGS, DAVE. CAN I
CALL YOU DAVE?
-YOU COULD IF THAT WAS MY NAME.
-COOL.
-HOW DID YOU GET
THIS INTERVIEW?
-HIRE ME, AND I'LL TELL YOU.
-YOU REALIZE THAT DIRECTOR
OF SPYING ON RUSSIA ISN'T
ACTUALLY A POSITION HERE.
-NOT YET.
-UNDER HOBBIES, YOU'VE
WRITTEN "GOOD AT
BLENDING IN."
-RIGHT.
-WHAT ARE YOU CURRENTLY DOING?
-I'M CURRENTLY A COLLEGE
STUDENT.
-OK.
-OR AM I?
-GET OUT.
-YOU GO IT.
I'LL TAKE THIS, THOUGH,
BECAUSE I
ONLY GOT ONE OF THESE.
PRINTED IT UP ESPECIALLY
FOR YOU, BUT--
-SIR, PLEASE GET BACK.
-IT'S FINE.
I THINK I FOUND MY CALLING.
I'M GOING TO SAVE YOUR
GODDAMN LIFE!
-THAT MAN IS HIGHLY
CONTAGIOUS.
-[CHANTING UNINTELLIGIBLY]
-DO YOU FEEL ANYTHING?
-I'M TRYING TO CONCENTRATE,
MAN.
-MAYBE YOU SHOULD GO AND
SEE THE PSYCHIC.
THAD (OFFSCREEN): I GOT
BOOTY SHORTS, TOO.
HEY, GIRLS, YOU WANT TO STOP FOR
A SECOND SO YOU CAN BLOW
OUR KICKER?
OH, MISSED WIDE RIGHT.
SORRY!
[LAUGHS]
-DON'T LET IT GET TO YOU, MAN.
THAD (OFFSCREEN): I
REALLY SHOULD GET
INTO STAND-UP COMEDY.
-DON'T LET IT GET TO ME?
I'VE BEEN NOT LETTING IT GET
TO ME ALL SEASON LONG.
YOU TWO ASSHOLES EVER
THINK THAT MAYBE THE
PROBLEM ISN'T ME?
MAYBE IT'S YOU.
I MEAN, DONNIE, YOU
SNAP THE BALL.
ALEX, YOU HOLD IT.
MAYBE YOU TWO SHOULD CHANGE
YOUR RITUALS!
-OK.
THAT'S FAIR.
JEEZ.
THE FIRST THING I DO ON
GAME DAY IS WAKE UP.
I ASK THE GIRL NEXT TO
ME WHAT HER NAME IS.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
-BECAUSE IT'S ONLY RESPECTFUL,
JUST FOR FUTURE
REFERENCE, YOU KNOW?
OH, OH.
[LAUGHS]
I DO SOME LIGHT STRETCHING,
BRUSH MY TEETH, HAVE A MEET UP
WITH SAMMY BEFORE THE
GAME AND HEAD OVER.
I LIKE MY RITUAL.
THERE'S NOT MUCH TO CHANGE.
-I HAVE A RITUAL, TOO, BUT
IT'S-- IT'S PRETTY SIMPLE.
I EAT HALF A GRAPEFRUIT.
NOT THE SEEDS.
I DON'T LIKE THE SEEDS.
THEN I Q-TIP MY LEFT EAR,
NEVER MY RIGHT.
AND THEN I GO--
-ENOUGH.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
ALL RIGHT?
IT'S ALL OVER.
MY JOB AS A COLLEGE KICKER, MY
CHANCES OF GOING PRO, HELL, MY
WHOLE LIFE IS DOWN
THE SHITTER.
-YOU'RE UP.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT.
-ALL RIGHT, WHICH ONE OF
YOU IS, UH, BERZENETSKI
STEPOKOVICH?
-[SPEAKS RUSSIAN]
-YOU SPEAK ANY ENGLISH?
-YES.
HELLO.
YOU LOOK LIKE GOOD SEX.
-YOU KNOW, I WISH I COULD GO
BACK IN TIME AND KICK THE SHIT
OUT OF THE IDIOT WHO
DECIDED TO MAKE
KICKERS PART OF FOOTBALL.
NEXT.
-MR. CACCIATORE.
-GOT IT.
-WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
-WELL, I'M HERE TODAY
BECAUSE I'M NOT
REACHING MY FULL POTENTIAL.
I DON'T MEAN TO BLAME YOU, BUT
IT'S YOUR JOB AS MY SCHOOL
COUNSELOR TO DO WHATEVER YOU DO
ON THAT LITTLE COMPUTER OF
YOURS AND FIGURE
IT OUT FOR ME.
-ALL RIGHT.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
-WELL, ACCORDING TO OUR RECORDS,
YOU HAVEN'T BEEN
ENROLLED AT BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE
SINCE THE FIRST SEMESTER
OF YOUR FRESHMAN YEAR.
-HOW OFTEN DO YOU UPDATE
YOUR RECORDS?
-OFTEN.
IN FACT, IT LOOKS LIKE YOU
HAVEN'T ATTENDED CLASSES IN
OVER TWO YEARS.
-WOW.
OK, NOW THAT YOU MENTION IT,
COLLEGE HAS SEEMED PRETTY EASY
FOR ME.
-YEAH, I CAN IMAGINE.
-[CHANTING SOFTLY]
-HARMON?
-OH, HEY.
I JUST NEEDED TO GET AWAY
FROM IT FOR A WHILE.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE
ELSE TO HIDE OUT.
-WELL, IT TURNS OUT THAT
PSYCHIC WAS BULLSHIT.
NOT ONLY AM I NOT MEANT FOR
BIGGER AND BETTER THINGS LIKE
SHE PROMISED, I'M EVEN MORE OF
A LOSER THAN I THOUGHT I WAS.
-YEAH, I KNOW HOW
YOU FEEL, MAN.
MY BEST DAYS ARE BEHIND ME.
BUT IN ALL FAIRNESS TO THAT
PSYCHIC, SHE DIDN'T PROMISE
YOU A DAMN THING.
SHE ONLY SAID THAT SHE COULD
GIVE YOU THE INFORMATION SO
YOU COULD FIX THE PROBLEM
YOURSELF.
-YEAH, WELL, THAT'S USELESS.
-NO, IT AIN'T.
IF SHE DIDN'T SET YOU IN THAT
DIRECTION, YOU COULD HAVE GONE
FOUR YEARS AND HAD NOTHING
TO SHOW FOR IT.
AT LEAST THIS WAY YOU CAN
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
-YEAH, IF SHE'S SO GREAT,
HOW COME YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO SEE HER?
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU GOT A
COUPLE OF PROBLEMS.
-UH, YOU KNOW, I'VE
NEVER REALLY DONE
ANYTHING LIKE THIS BEFORE.
-IT WILL BE OK.
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
I'M PICKING UP A DARKNESS.
-OH, SHIT.
UH, ANYTHING YOU SEE DOESN'T
LEAVE THIS ROOM, RIGHT?
-IT'S NOT YOU, HARMON.
IT'S, UH--
[GROANS]
IT'S A-- A NEGATIVE ENERGY, AN
EVIL SPIRIT ATTACHED TO YOU.
-I AM REAL DISAPPOINTED
IN YOU, HARMON.
ONCE AGAIN, YOU HAVE COME
IN LAST IN THE FAMILY
BEER-CHUGGING CONTEST.
-COUSIN DENNIS?
-YOUR SISTER ASKED ME
TO BABYSIT YOUR ASS.
I DON'T DO THAT KIND OF SHIT.
INSTEAD, WE'RE GOING TO PLAY A
LITTLE GAME CALLED DRUGS OR
POWER TOOLS.
-TEDESCO, YOU'RE TOO GODDAMN
SMALL TO PLAY FOOTBALL.
EVER CONSIDER THE CIRCUS?
-KICKING IS SO EASY.
ANYONE CAN DO IT, EXCEPT YOU.
[LAUGHS]
-AAH!
-THAD.
THE DARKNESS I SPEAK
OF, THE EVIL SPIRIT
HOLDING YOU BACK IS THAD.
HE REPRESENTS EVERY UNSUPPORTIVE
PERSON FROM YOUR
PAST.
-THAT'S A LOT OF ASSHOLES.
-YOU'VE BEEN INSULATING YOURSELF
WITH SUPERSTITION AND
RITUALS AS A CRUTCH.
YOU HAVE TO GET PAST THAT.
-BUT HOW?
-IF YOU WANT TO FIX YOUR KICKING
PROBLEM, YOU HAVE TO
EXORCISE THE SPIRIT
THAT IS THAD.
-EXCUSE ME.
WHA-BAM!
WHO'S THE LOSER NOW, KATE?
YOU ARE.
-WHAT'S THIS?
-OH, IT'S A CLASS SCHEDULE.
YEAH, YOU'RE LOOKING
AT A GENUINE,
FULL-TIME COLLEGE STUDENT.
THAT'S ME.
-WELL, YOU REALIZE THAT IF YOU
TAKE ALL THESE CLASSES, YOU
WON'T HAVE TIME FOR SPIRIT
SQUAD, RIGHT?
-WHAT?
LET ME SEE THIS.
UH, WHAT TIME IS PRACTICE
TOMORROW?
-10:00.
SEE YOU, LOSER.
-BARTENDER!
10 SHOTS, PLEASE!
-BEFORE EXORCISING AN EVIL
SPIRIT, YOU HAVE TO BUILD UP
THE COURAGE TO FACE THAT
SPIRIT HEAD ON.
-HEY, ASSHOLE, MISS
ANY KICKS LATELY?
PSYCHIC (OFFSCREEN): YOU'RE
GOING TO HAVE TO ASK YOUR
FRIENDS FOR HELP.
COMBINING FORCES AND FORMING A
COVEN INCREASES THE AMOUNT OF
ENERGY PUT INTO THE SPELL.
-WHERE'S ALEX?
-HE'S IN HIS ROOM.
IS EVERYTHING OK, HARMON?
-HEY, KICKER.
-WOW!
-DROP YOUR COCKS AND
GATHER THE TROOPS.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
-MM-HMM.
TIGHTEN THOSE.
GET THESE OFF.
TIE HIM UP.
LOOP IT AROUND AND TIGHTEN IT.
-OH, HE'S WAKING UP.
-WHAT THE HELL?
-TIE IT, TIE IT, TIE IT!
UNTIE ME!
-NO, NO CAN DO, THAD.
-UNTIE THESE STRAPS!
LET ME UP!
-[SCREAMING]
OH, HE'S GOT MY NUTS!
AAH!
HE'S GOT MY NUT SACK!
-UNTIE ME!
-SHIT.
-[GROWLS]
[SCREAMING]
-GET HIM!
THAD (OFFSCREEN): I'LL
KILL YOU ALL!
I HATE YOU!
-IGNORE HIM.
THAD (OFFSCREEN):
YOU'RE NOTHING!
-FOCUS.
-LET ME DOWN!
I'M GOING TO KILL YOU.
I'LL KILL YOU ALL!
I HATE YOU.
-WE'RE HERE FOR YOU,
ALL RIGHT?
GOT YOUR BACK.
THAD (OFFSCREEN): I HATE YOU!
YOU LOSE EVERYTHING FOR US!
YOU SUCK!
YOU LOSE AT LIFE!
YOU'RE TOO SHORT TO KICK!
YOU'RE TOO UGLY TO KICK!
-SORRY, MAN.
SOME RITUALS I CAN'T
LET GO OF.
-UNDERSTOOD.
-YOU'RE NOTHING!
YOU COULDN'T HIT ME IF YOUR
LIFE DEPENDED ON IT!
-I AM REAL DISAPPOINTED, SON.
-CIRCUS.
-YOU'LL NEVER MAKE THIS KICK.
[LAUGHS]
-GO.
-SET.
THAD (OFFSCREEN): I'M
GOING TO KILL YOU.
I'M GOING TO KILL YOU WHEN
I GET DOWN FROM HERE!
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO HIT ME.
YOU COULD NEVER-- AAH!
[CHEERS]
-MONTY.
-HEY, JON JON, WE'RE SCREWED.
EVERY KICKING OPTION WE HAVE
IS CRAZIER THAN THE NEXT.
NO ENGLISH, CRIMINAL RECORDS.
WE MIGHT HAVE TO GO
WITH THE GUY WHO'S
WANTED FOR WAR CRIMES.
-NO, NO, NO.
YOU'VE GOT TO SEE THIS.
THAD (OFFSCREEN):
YOU'RE A HICK!
YOU SUCK, YOU BALL-SNIFFING
D-BAG!
AAH!
HEY, THAT WAS PRETTY GOOD.
-HEY, THAD, CAN I KICK NOW?
-OK, OK, OK, OK, NO MORE.
YOU CAN KICK.
[CHEERS]
[PLAYERS CHANTING "HARMON"]
-HEY, GUYS, I DID IT!
I FIXED HIS STUPID
KICKING PROBLEM.
[LAUGHS]
AAH!